hi YouTube it's Akilah obviously I want
to start out by apologizing for not
making a video for like a month
cattle life I was in a movie I moved to
New York and you know I had a lot of
things to do to get caught up on life I
started my new job so I'm sorry that I
haven't updated like I used to if you
remember I used to be really good about
it I'm going to start that again now I
haven't done a hair video in a while so
I thought it would be fun to review the
product so the product that I am
reviewing is Kerastase mask in tents and
you see it there
it's a actually pretty pricy product but
with my new job I do marketing I got
lucky and I got some for free so I gave
it a try and this is what I used it
tonight and it's it's okay I mean I
think my hair usually kind of looks like
this but it doesn't really feel that
good to be honest it's really crunchy
and like I had to use my mane and tail
again to kind of like help it out but um
the way you're supposed to use this is
you're supposed to put it in all over
your head and then leave it on for like
a really long time so I left it on for
about 40 minutes and then I took a
shower and washed it out and that I it's
supposed to be the deeply nourishing for
your hair but I think natural black hair
is a little too fragile for whatever
intense chemicals it uses because it was
just it was really harsh and I feel like
I just feel like my hair is kind of
crunchy when it usually isn't
sorry Kerastase I'm sure you work great
for other people I have a friend who
used it actually and she's white and her
hair looked good I mean I got those
shiny she said a pelvic thicker so maybe
it's just a difference what a hair thing
you know it's they don't really market
it to natural black hair but for some
reason it's a deeply nourishing and like
conditioning so I figured it would work
and it didn't really for me but if that
review did not deter you I'm gonna do a
little giveaway I personally did not
like this product but I have another
unopen
Kerastase mask intents $80 hair
treatment that I am going to be giving
away and there are three ways twin way
number one is to subscribe to me on
youtube if you're not subscribed what
are you doing with your life you should
be embarrassed
number two is to like me on facebook
that's facebook.com/amputeeot HQ around
it through all of these links are gonna
be below in the description I'm going to
pick the winners probably August first
let's say all this first so take two two
weeks before I close out the video I
just like to do a quick shout out to
Sweezey I know a lot of you are here
because my baby love did video response
to my video and whether you loved or
hated the video that I'm referring to
which I'll link here it was really nice
to do a response and it's good support I
love Susie he's as a beast and he is not
at all pathetic so ladies go go
subscribe to mr. Swezey
and I guess I'll see you next time
there's a video in your future
okay it was the coolest